- All right, hello.
Welcome to Inside Network Authentication.
My name's Jason Townsen.
I work on Open Directory in
various capacities.
So today we're going to talk about
first giving an introduction to what
we mean by network authentication and
then go through the feature set that
we have in Panther both in password
server and Kerbero just to review.
Then talk about all the new
features we're adding in Tiger.
Go through some of the command
line tools you might use.
And also some examples of how you
could use Kerbero in your application.
And then finish up with
questions and answers.
So what is network authentication?
Well,
authentication is proof of identity.
So you can think of, for example,
if you have a badge where you work,
when you present that badge to a reader,
that's a form of authentication because
you're proving that you are who the
badge indicates that you are because
you have possession of that badge.
So we need to keep in mind that this
is not the same thing as authorization.
It sounds very similar,
but authorization is actually whether you
can access a particular service or not.
So in the case of the badge,
it could be that I have an Apple badge,
but I still don't have access to
the super secret hardware lab where
all the new prototypes are because
I'm just a lowly software engineer.
So I can successfully authenticate,
but I'm not authorized
for particular services.
Another thing,
once we think about this on the network,
the first thing you may think of
doing is just sending the username and
password that the user types in into
your dialog directly across the network.
But that's kind of a bad idea because
you can't trust the network in general.
There could be, you know,
the server that you're connecting
to may not be what you think it is.
There could be someone interposing
between you and the actual
service that you're using.
Or, you know, just using TCP dump to
sniff your network traffic.
TCP dump is part of
every Mac OS X machine.
And they could have a hardware
sniffer on the network.
So you have to assume that
the network is insecure.
And there's three main
problems that we want to solve
with network authentication.
First of all, we need to prove the user's
identity to the service securely.
And then we also need to prove
the server's identity to the user.
That goes back to what I was talking
about where you're not sure if
the server that you're connecting
to is what you think it is.
So if you have some way independent
of the network stack to prove
to the client what it is,
that gives you a lot more
confidence in using that service.
And finally, when you're dealing with
network authentication,
you want to avoid asking the
user to enter their password
over and over and over again.
But also, you don't want to necessarily
always store it somewhere
because that could be insecure.
So we need a better solution to that.
So the next step beyond just sending
the password in the clear would be to
do a challenge response authentication.
So the sequence goes something like this.
Here we have a client and a server.
And first, the client could send the
username to the server.
The server would respond
with a random challenge.
And finally,
the client sends back a response.
The response is a function of
the challenge and the password,
and it could also
incorporate the username,
maybe other information.
The other thing to keep in mind here is
actually in some authentication methods,
the challenge is actually
sent before the username.
So depending upon what auth
method we're talking about,
it might be a little different,
but that's the basic idea.
And Apple has something
called Password Server,
which we've had in
Mac OS X Server since 10.2,
and that is our solution for
challenge response authentication.
It supports a wide variety
of authentication methods.
It's based on the Simple Authentication
and Security Layer,
or SASL, developed by Carnegie Mellon,
which is a library that allows you to
abstract these various challenge response
authentication methods and provides a lot
of code to do that and make it easier.
It's based on the Simple Authentication
and Security Layer,
or SASSL, developed by Carnegie Mellon,
which is a library that allows you to
abstract these various challenge response
authentication methods and provides a lot
of code to do that and make it easier.
And the final point here,
we call the password server
the Roach Motel of passwords.
So passwords check in,
but they don't check out.
There's no way to,
using that password server protocol,
to harvest the passwords back.
All you can do is do an authentication
through some secure challenge response
authentication method or change the
password or set various options.
So the authentication methods
I was talking about here,
here's some examples.
We have MD5 Digest, CRAM MD5,
NT Land Manager, and so on.
You may have seen these before,
but depending upon which
service you're talking about,
there may be one or two auth methods
that are typically used by that service.
And these sort of came up over the years.
So we just put all of
them into Password Server.
So all these things are
supported in Password Server,
and we can work with a single
password across all these
services on Mac OS X Server.
So let's look at an example
password server authentication,
the sequence that we would go through.
You have four machines here.
There's the client, the Panther server,
directory server, and a password server.
And in some cases,
maybe the directory server
and the password server
might be the same machine.
That's the typical configuration,
but it could be different.
So for purposes of this illustration,
we're going to keep them separate.
So first,
the client's going to contact the service
and send the various information about
what user they're doing and potentially
the response to the challenge and so on.
Then once the server has the user name,
it's going to-- oh, wait.
OK.
The arrow's going the wrong way.
So the server looks up the user
record in the directory server
and then gets a response back.
So it finds the user record.
And the user record will have an
authentication authority attribute that
indicates it's a password server user.
So at that point,
the server conducts authentication,
sort of a pass-through authentication
against the password server.
From the perspective of the client,
none of this is really important.
But that's the sequence of steps.
So once that password server
authentication from the service happens,
then you have access to the service.
Okay, so what is Kerbero?
How many people here know about Kerbero?
Okay, everybody almost.
But I'll go through this anyway
for those of you who are new to
Kerbero because it's important.
So Kerbero is a secure network
authentication protocol.
It doesn't deal with authorization,
which we talked about before,
but it's for authentication.
It was developed at MIT in the 1980s,
and there's actually a
couple of versions in use.
There's Kerbero V4,
which was the initial version,
and that has some issues,
some security issues
and problems with it.
So Kerbero V5 was the solution to
the various issues with Kerbero V4,
and that's really what Apple is
encouraging everyone to go with.
V4 is primarily around
for legacy deployments,
and in most cases, anything that's using
V4 is also using V5.
So they just have a few
applications that are still on V4,
and the rest of the stuff runs on V5.
So when you set up an
open directory master,
for example,
we're just setting up Kerbero V5,
and we're doing everything
with Kerbero V5.
Thank you.
There's implementations
available on various platforms
throughout the industry.
So it's not just one vendor,
it's a standard, which is important.
And it provides solutions to those three
problems that I talked about earlier.
It proves the user's identity
to the server securely.
It also proves the server's
identity to the client.
And it provides what
we call single sign-on.
So a single password dialogue
when you log in at the beginning
of the day can unlock everything
for that entire day's session.
Anything that's using Kerbero can take
advantage of that and still be secure,
not just replaying the password
constantly to get that feature.
So given all of these strengths,
Apple is adopting Kerbero
throughout Mac OS X.
So I know a lot of this is review for
most of you who know about Kerbero,
but I'll just go through it quickly.
Some definitions.
So a Realm is a Kerbero namespace.
It's sort of the Kerbero
version of a domain or...
and I will be talking about the
different versions of Kerbero.
Then we have a principle.
There's actually two kinds of principles.
So there could be a user
principle or a service principle.
These are entities in
the Kerberoos database.
So a user principle
corresponds to a user,
a service principle
corresponds to a service.
You can also have a host principle for
a particular machine on the network.
and you have either user at the realm
or service type slash host name at
the realm as the style of name there.
And we have the Key Distribution Center.
This is the server that provides the,
this is the Kerbero server.
So it handles all of the
transactions for sending the various
authentication tokens around.
We actually call those tickets.
So we have a ticket as the name for
an authentication token or credential.
And this is used instead of a password.
So when you first connect to a service,
all you're handed is the ticket
and then it verifies the ticket.
And it has an expiration date,
so any ticket that you get can only
potentially be compromised for a finite
amount of time and then it's expired
and no one's going to honor it anymore.
The ticket granting ticket
is a special kind of ticket,
which is what provides single sign-on.
So when you first log in
at the Kerbero dialogue,
you get a TGT and then that
TGT is used to later get other
tickets for various services.
And that can be done transparently
as long as the TGT is still valid.
And the service ticket,
which I mentioned already,
authenticates the user to a service,
and that's granted as long as you
have a valid TGT and the service
principal name provided from the client.
So, here's another example diagram.
We've got the client and the KDC in
the middle and then the server.
So first, the client requests a TGT.
This is assuming that you're coming to
the machine and you don't yet have a TGT.
And then the TGT is returned with a
client key and the client has a TGT.
And then some point later,
the client wants to access a service.
sends the TGT and a request for
a service ticket to the KDC.
It gets back the service ticket.
So now it has the TGT and
the service ticket.
At this point, it can contact the server.
So it sends the service
ticket to the server,
and then the server verifies
that and responds and allows
access to the service.
One thing to note here is that the
server actually doesn't have to
contact the KDC to verify the ticket
because it has a service principle,
which is a shared secret
between the KDC and the server.
So that means there's part of the
ticket which is encrypted by that
service key or the service principle,
and then it can verify
that it decrypts properly.
So with all of these great
things about Kerbero,
you have to wonder why hasn't it caught
on in more than the areas that it has?
Why is it not used everywhere?
There's a few barriers
to Kerbero adoption,
and we tried to address
all of these in Panther.
The first one,
it requires you to deploy KDC.
So that usually meant a lot of work,
and it wasn't really easy to do.
In Panther, we ship with a full KDC.
It's set up by default whenever you
set up an Open Directory master,
and it's just a matter of picking
one menu item in server admin
to do it and entering a username
and password to set it up.
So it's really simple.
Another issue with Kerbero is how do you
integrate it with the directory server?
And there's a lot of times that
would be a site-specific decision.
But in Panther,
we've integrated all the open directory
tools with it and we've used the
authentication authority attribute
and come up with a standard way of
integrating Kerbero into the directory
and doing that mapping between the two.
Another problem is a lack of
integrated user account management.
What this means is,
let's say that you're deploying
Kerbero and LDAP together.
What would you do when you set that up?
Well,
every time you create a record in LDAP,
you also need a user
principle to go with it.
But the tools that you use to do
that might be completely different.
And so it would be kind of a difficult
thing to do and you'd have to go back
and forth between different tools.
Well, in Panther,
Workgroup Manager automatically
creates the user principles
as you create user records.
So as long as you have
Open Directory set up,
whenever you create a user,
it's going to get a Kerbero's
principle created for it.
Another problem is the service
and host principles are
kind of difficult to manage.
You have to have all of the servers
that are in your network be registered
in the KDC so that they have that
shared secret for the system to work.
And that could be potentially
a difficult thing to manage.
So we compose those in
Panther Server Configuration Tools.
And another thing that we've done
is we actually allow you to put that
information encrypted into the directory
and use the directory as a mechanism
to distribute those service principles.
So you can have potentially the directory
administrator create that record and
then a completely different person
who's the administrator of your file
server can later grab that record,
enter a password, their password in order
to decrypt that record.
And that's all they need to do
to set up Kerbero on that server.
Another problem is you'd have to do
command line level configuration of
the Kerbero clients or potentially
make an installer package that
has your config file in it to
distribute out to all of your users.
And then you have to go through the
trouble of installing that everywhere,
copying the file,
which is kind of a problem.
In Panther, we auto-configure Kerbero.
All we do is we just put
a record in the directory,
and the Panther and later clients
are going to look for that.
So if they see that
Kerbero's client record,
they'll just generate the
Edge UMIT Kerbero's file from it.
And so you can centrally configure
how you want the clients to be
using Kerbero's rather than having
to do it over and over again.
Another problem which you have,
which is very important,
is in a traditional Kerbero set up,
you would have no support for
legacy network authentication.
What I mean by legacy network
authentication is at the beginning
I was talking about all these
challenge response protocols,
authentication methods that
are used by various protocols.
And normally you'd have to have
all of your network services be
on Kerbero in order to integrate.
Well, what we've done
So, the idea in Panther is to actually
integrate Kerbero with password server.
So, there's one password between
Kerbero and password server.
Whenever you change one,
it syncs to the other.
So,
you have access to all the great features
of Kerbero as well as continue to support
the legacy network authentication,
which is important if you have, say,
a remote worker that's not
going to be set up for Kerbero,
but they do have -- they need
to have access to a file server.
So,
you might want to just allow them to do
a traditional authentication for that.
Or if they have an older platform
that they can't upgrade to
be able to support Kerbero,
they can still do the older
authentication methods.
So going back through the benefits again,
we have single sign-on,
which is very convenient,
but it's still secure.
We're not just replaying passwords.
We have mutual authentication,
so you can trust when you're
using a Kerberized service that
you are getting the same server
that you thought it was before.
And another very important thing is
client and server programs are out of
the business of dealing with passwords.
So they're just passing tickets around.
And all of the prompting for passwords
is handled by the Kerberoes framework.
So your application doesn't
have to care about that.
And at some point in the future,
it may not be prompting for
a password or it might be a
password plus something else.
There might be a smart card or some
biometric data that's being used.
As long as that process gets a TGT,
everything after that that's Kerberized
will pick up that new non-password
based authentication for free.
So we really wanna get everything
onto Kerberoes so we have this kind
of flexibility to expand in that area.
As I said before, Kerberoes is secure and
it's cross-platform.
So some more features
that we have in Panther.
Once we had Kerbero and password
server to really make this
something useful to deploy,
we added secure multi-master
replication support.
So what that means is you can have
a bunch of machines all with the
same password data and you can
authenticate against any one of them.
You can change your password against
any one of them and that change will
propagate throughout the system.
So there's no single point of failure
there and the clients were also updated
so that they would automatically
fail over to whatever's available.
So the client, you know,
the user won't even necessarily know that
the password server they were talking to
before happens to be down at the moment
and used a different one this time.
There's support for password policies,
so you can force people to change
their password or specify what
the minimum length is and so on.
And that can be done globally
and on a per-user basis.
We added the PW Policy command line tool.
And this is just providing the
same functionality that we had
in Workgroup Manager and the
Server Admin Open Directory plugin,
but at the command line level.
So you can take advantage of
that from a script or if you're
administering through SSH,
you can do everything you need to do.
And don't forget, Crypt is dead.
Okay, no applause, but anyway,
Crypt is still dead.
And that was accomplished in Panther.
We actually already had
password server in Jaguar,
but in Panther,
we replaced the local users with
their Crypt passwords with ShadowHash.
And then we used Kerbero and
password server for network users.
So here's a screenshot of what
the global password policy
looks like in server admin.
So there's all kinds of
things you can set there.
And then we have the per
user password policy,
which is in Workgroup Manager.
So the message we want you
to get here is that Apple's
providing a complete solution.
We have Kerbero for security,
mutual authentication,
and single sign-on support.
Password server supports
your legacy needs.
All of this is done with replication
and client-side failover.
We've got the administration tools
both at the GUI level and command line.
And we're doing a lot of
auto-configuration for you
so that it's really easy to
add a system to use Kerbero.
You get the Kerbero for free as long
as you can connect to the LDAP server.
So whatever you need to do to get
LDAP is all you need to use Kerbero.
Which if you're using DHCP,
it might be nothing at all.
So at this point,
I'd like to bring up Leland Wallace to
talk about our changes in Tiger.
Thanks, Jason.
I'd like to talk about what we've done
with authentication in Tiger here.
First thing we've done is,
as many people have said before,
added password server support,
or actually added Intel MV2
support to password server.
We've added some password
policy enforcement between the
password server and the KDC.
Added Spanago for
Active Directory support with
SMB and also with... It was a pain.
And we've added some
new Kerberized services,
so we're continuing upon our
drive to Kerberize the entire OS.
So every open directory server has,
or every password server has a
Kerbero's principle and it's used
to sync up password changes between
both the KDC and the password server.
And we've added for Tiger,
we've added password policies
in the password server are
now honored by the KDC as our
password and account expirations.
Some of the new services that we've got,
and I'll start with the old services,
the existing services, AFP, FTP,
the mail troika there,
and SSH and login window are the
old ones that we've got in Panther.
We've added LDAP, Espanago for the web,
both client and server side,
and the SMB stuff for Tiger.
I'd like to talk,
just give a quick overview
of what kind of command line
tools we have for Kerbero now.
Starting out,
these are the things that our single
sign-on solutions are built on.
MIT's got, you know, KADMIN, KDB5 UTIL,
and KT UTIL.
Well, the Apple, we've got SLAP Config,
SSO UTIL, and a bunch of others there.
They've all got man pages.
They're all at least
reasonably intelligible,
I think.
They are.
The MIT tools,
KAdmin is used to deal with
server principles and user
principles and policies.
KDB5 Util looks at the Kerbero
database just as a database,
dumping it, restoring it,
things like that.
KT Util manages the key tabs
that you need on the servers.
There are other tools like KNet, K-List,
K-Destroy.
Those are user level things to be
able to manage your ticket cash
and stuff from the command line.
The Apple tools,
slap config is sort of the
high level front end of it all.
It works with setting
up the open directory,
setting up the KDC and doing
a bunch of other things.
A lot of good stuff is
in the slap config log.
If you are having trouble with things,
slap config log is one of
the first places to look.
Let's see.
Kerbero auto-config,
this is the command line tool which
is run whenever the search policy
changes on the clients and that
provides our client auto-config stuff.
That's where it writes the
edu.mit.kerbero file out.
KDC setup creates the
Kerbero's client records in the
directory and sets up the KDC.
Kerberos Service Setup sets up
the Kerbero services and SSO Util
It's another high-level tool,
and it allows you to do a lot of things
in configuring servers this way and
also generating the stored config that
Jason was alluding to earlier to allow
the network administrator to delegate
to delegate the responsibility
of Kerberizing a specific server
to a server admin rather than
having to do it all on themselves.
Setting it up, we prefer you to use the
GUI to set up Kerbero.
It's just selecting the
Open Directory master
from the pop-up menu.
You can also use command line tools.
The folks at AFP 548,
you know you're out there someplace,
have done an excellent job.
There's nothing I can
add to what you've said.
You can do it by hand,
looking at the instructions
in the Kerbero admin guide.
It's a little bit painful.
That's why we're doing all of this.
And when you want to integrate it
into an existing Kerbero setup,
There are some things that you
can do to an existing LDAP server,
adding a Kerbero client record,
to be able to get some of the
benefits of our single sign-on stuff.
You can add the Kerbero client record
that all your Panther clients will
automatically configure for Kerbero,
create Kerbero auth
authorities for your users,
and they'll all get TGTs on login.
Setting up a Kerberoz server.
You know,
you've got just one network admin,
one person who knows the master
password for the KDC database and such,
and lots of servers.
It's a real pain if you have to go out
to each server and set it up manually.
So what we've done is we've allowed
the network administrator to
delegate part of that setup to you.
Network Administrator has got to
create a computer record and then
attaches a Kerbero record to that,
or a secure config record we call it.
And that contains the key tab file,
a list of authorized users,
and some other stuff.
And it's encrypted all to a set of
admins that you've delegated to.
The delegated admin then grabs
that record and decrypts it and
then that installs the key tab
file and Kerberizes the services.
This will also work now
with Active Directory.
The delegated admin then grabs
that record and decrypts it and
then that installs the key tab
file and Kerberizes the services.
This will also work now
with Active Directory.
KDC setup is the thing that creates the
Kerbero client and Kerbero KDC records.
Kerbero client record is
again used for client setup,
whereas the Kerbero KDC record
is used when you are replicating,
setting up replicated KDCs.
Kerbero auto-config pulls that data
out of the Kerbero client record
and puts it onto your desk there.
Then the SSO util is used to create
the secure config records that,
or the SSO util generate
config command creates the
secure config records for the,
which allow the network administrator
to delegate to the server administrator
and then SSO util use config takes that
same configuration and then installs
it in a server and Kerberos the server.
The Kerbero's client record,
I don't know if everyone can see that,
is a pretty straightforward
XML translation of the
edu.mid.kerberos file.
If you need to edit this by hand,
it's not all that difficult.
You add domain realm mappings,
the various defaults, realms,
and all of the other major tags in the
edu.mid.kerberos file are supported
and will be read out just fine.
The Kerbero KDC record is,
since we don't edit this at all,
is just a more literal translation of
the KDC.conf record that you find down
next to the Kerbero database stuff.
And another useful,
useful record type or actually
it's a property I think,
isn't it?
It's an attribute type.
It's the Kerbero's auth authority.
It's used by login window to
determine whether or not this user
is Kerberized and that helps it get
the TGT and also when you're changing
a password through system prefs.
It looks like this.
It starts with the Kerbero 5 and
there's some optional fields,
the GUID, the principal name.
The Realm name is not optional
and the Realm key is optional.
At minimum, we want to see Kerbero's
5 and then the Realm.
And from that,
our code can figure out that the user's
principal name is going to be used,
the first short name at the Realm name.
Ideally,
we would like to see the actual user
principle in that auth authority.
It would be a good idea if
you're creating these on your
own to add the principle name
as an additional short name.
It will make some things
easier in the future.
I'd like to talk now about
using Kerbero in your apps.
Things you need for
Kerbero development are,
of course, a KDC.
In this case, we would like you to
use a Mac OS X Server,
a Mac OS X client,
your server processes and
your client processes.
I'd like to talk about what you need to
do when you have an existing protocol.
If you're writing a new FTP client, say,
or a new mail client,
you'd need to think about this.
If you're writing a
completely new protocol,
there are some other things
you need to think about.
They're just stuff you need to decide.
I'd like to give you a demo of how,
or not a demo,
but an explanation of how you use GSS,
which is Generic Security Services API,
to do a Kerbero authentication,
and then talk about things that you
no longer need to worry about once
you've Kerberized your authentication.
So if you've got an existing protocol,
if it's HTTP based, use what we've got in
Foundation and CF Network.
Some of that's
automatically done for you.
You'll automatically get Espanago support
without having to do anything at all,
as I recall.
If not, then look into SASL.
There's a good RFC on it,
and it's fairly widely supported.
For other protocols, FTP, POP, IMAP, SSH,
there's all RFCs and standards on how
you are supposed to do those things.
Don't invent anything you don't have to.
It's not worth the trouble.
For new protocol, again,
if you're HTTP based, use CF Network.
You'll get what you need for free.
Use SASL with a GSS mechanism
if HTTP doesn't work for you.
If you need to roll your own,
use the GSS APIs.
They make things very easy.
And if that winds up being too limiting,
go with the Curb 5 APIs there.
One of the things you need to decide
if you're creating a new protocol,
you need to decide on the service type.
Here, in this case, it's webcam.
And the rest of that is just
the service principal name.
Then you need to find a way for the
client to construct the principal name.
It needs, you know,
it can either get it implicitly
from the DNS address of the server,
like in the way FTP or SSH does.
Yeah, that leaves you dependent upon DNS,
which can either be a
good thing or a bad thing.
Or you can do it explicitly,
getting it from a secure
source such as the directory.
And that's typically a
little bit more friendly,
but there's more infrastructure required.
You've got to actually work at things.
So here's a simple Kerbero
authentication using GSS,
and this is after the
user's gotten their TGT.
So the first thing's first,
the client needs to figure out
what the service principle is,
and then it calls
GSS import name on that.
After that,
it calls GSS and its security context.
That goes and talks to the KDC,
asks for a service ticket.
Service ticket comes back.
The client then sends that
service ticket off to the server.
Server calls GSS Accept Security Context.
And that pulls the server's
key out of the key tab file.
Server returns the GSS token.
At this point,
the client and the server have both
been authenticated to one another.
Note that the server has only had
to make one call and the client has
only had to make three calls now
because the token is passed back
into GSS in its security context.
The server then needs to do an additional
step of checking the authorization.
That would be checking the client
principal against an ACL or something
like that and checking to see that the
service principal that you sent was
indeed the service principal of the
server you actually are talking to.
And then to get an encrypted
data stream between the two,
between the client and the server,
you can use the gsswrap
and gssunwrap commands,
gsswrap encrypts, gssunwrap decrypts.
It's pretty much just that simple.
So in review here, on the client side,
you call GSS import name and
GSS in its security context.
On the server side,
you accept that context.
And then on the client side,
you pass the token that comes back
into GSS in its security context.
You can actually go around
this loop several times if
there's an authentication
mechanism that actually needs it.
Kerbero does not at this point.
Then the server side needs
to check the authorization
against an ACL or what have you.
And then GSS wrap and unwrap to
provide your encrypted data transfer.
So that's pretty much
all there is for GSS API.
API.
And we've got sample code.
It will be available for download.
And it shows exactly
how to do this stuff.
And it's rather simple.
A fair number of things that you
no longer need to worry about,
Jason alluded to some of them earlier.
You're out of the business
of caring about the password.
If the user doesn't have the TGT,
the library will prompt for it.
If new auth methods are available,
those will be taken care of
before you even get called.
Don't have to worry
about tickets expiring.
The expiring tickets are
handled by the library.
If you're worried about single points
of failure and you've set up your,
you know, as an app developer,
you don't need to worry that
there may be only one KDC.
That's all taken care of in the...
In the infrastructure there,
Kerbero does failover very
well and Open Directory does
replication very well.
In summary,
Apple's investing heavily in Kerbero.
This is the way we're going.
We ship the MIT KDC and Kerbero client.
We are committed to keeping that open,
not taking anything proprietary here.
If you're writing a new
authentication method,
talk to the Kerbero folks,
work with it through that community,
get it put into Kerbero, and then
Everybody will be able
to take advantage of it.
As a client developer,
any new auth methods that are available,
you get for free because
you've Kerberized.
And Kerbero is an
Apple's future in yours.
That's it.
That's what we're doing.
So we've got some very good things
there on more information on Kerberoes,
more information on Kerberoes protocols,
and there's the URL for the
AFP548's bit of information there.